Update developer sidebar search documentation (#2093)
openhab/openhab-docs: tutorials/getting_started/tips-and-tricks.md

  - Item name & Thing UID of triggers, actions & conditions
  - script code (e.g. Rules DSL, JavaScript, and even Blockly)
  - script MIME types (requires exact match)

>   - lists Blockly scripts (using 'block', 'blockly' or 'blocksource' as search string)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Blockly scripts (using 'block', 'blockly' or 'blocksource' as search string, where case is ignored)
```

IMO the removal if `lists` aligns it with the other points. I also think it should be mentioned that case is ignored for the search string.

Author: Updated

Reviewer 2: looks good to me.
